welcome to the man of recaps this is His
Dark Materials episode six so lyre has
been captured and brought to bold Angkar
where they've got all the missing kids
hanging out including her best friend
Roger every day they call in a kid to go
to the back room and they never come
back during a fire drill which is
something they bother having at this
blackops kidnapping illegal testing site
fire and Roger gets a talking she tells
him hey we got a bust on out of here
let's start ourselves a snowball fight
whoa yeah
causing a riot it's always the best
distraction they sneak through trying to
find the way out but instead they find
the back room where there's a bunch of
cages of demons without kids in the
other room they find the respective kids
without demons and yeah like Billy Costa
they're just kind of like shells they
don't seem to react to anything now in
airships coming in its mrs. Coulter
Larry's like hey girls you got to hide
me that's my mom she'll recognize me so
she gets some of the bed and grabs onto
the rugs pulls herself up that's a
really hard thing to do that's like
requires really good core strength but
all that work was for nothing because
liar is chosen to be the first new kid
to be inter season it's looking bleak
for our hero she and Pat are shoved into
these cages and there's a guillotine
ping actually between them but when mrs.
Coulter comes in Lyra's screamin at her
mother mrs. Coulter hits that stop
button and saves Lyra she takes her back
to her room like I'm so sorry Lyra I
would never do that to you liar is like
but you would do it to all these other
kids and mrs. Gulch is like yeah that
doesn't bother me she explains more
about why they're doing the inter
station remember it's all about dust
this goes back to Lord Asriel
presentation in Episode one how he took
the photos and the human was like all
surrounded by dust but the kid it wasn't
on him yet the Magisterium thinks of
dust as like a manifestation of sin they
figure maybe separating the demons from
the kids before they hit puberty the
dust will never settle on them and
they'll be able to live happily forever
after in a sin free world
I mean sure that sounds kind of nice and
you see mrs. Coulter really believes in
this she believes she's doing the right
thing but clearly kidnapping and
experimenting on kids a lot of them die
the others end up as shells sheet a bad
guy she also knows Lyra has the Alethea
matera she got from Jordan College it's
like hey him that on over of course Lyra
was kidnapped in her pajamas with no
there's no way she has it on her oh no I
guess she does wait a minute rewind that
where did she pull that out of it's
alright I'll forgive them that plot
contrivance I guess wait a minute what
is this tin it's like sealed shut oh
that's not the aleady ometer yeah that's
the spy fly that mrs. Coulter sent dad
are attacking now causes a commotion and
Lyra runs out this is a great moment
actually yes
mother and daughter on opposite side of
the door is just primally screaming at
each other I'm still trying to figure
out why Lyra had that on her while she
was sleeping anyway Larry hits that fire
alarm and grabs the kids it's time to
bust out of here she still doesn't know
where the exit is and they are in fact
guarded by these tar tars
luckily who's flying in on a balloon had
Slee Scoresby and Egyptians they got
there just at the right time and it's a
big ol fight happening whoa the
Egyptians look to be in trouble but wait
there's more reinforcements coming oh
it's the witch and boom she's like
teleport around stabbing dudes humble
that's pretty cool seen definitely want
to have the witches on your side so the
day is saved the kids are rescued except
some of them have been sniped from their
demons Lima is like hey good job
everyone you've completed your main
quest but I've still got to keep going
and rescue my father lord has real she
hops in the balloon taking her friend
Roger with her and also the armored bear
who looks like he's way too heavy for a
balloon ride but I guess they make it
work but that night there's weird noises
around and oh what's this little some
sort of bat monsters there cliff gasps
and yeah they make really scary noises
actually he scores me shooting them all
up it's gonna be okay except Lyra
accidentally unlatches the door what she
falls out the balloon you gotta be
careful with latches on your balloon
they need to be like super locked up
when you're in flight please reaching
down to rest your butt
oh hello IRA falls down into the
darkness and that's how episode six
comes to an end if you like my recaps
hit that subscribe button I'm bringing
you the best recaps of TV and movies so
don't miss out
[Music]